# **GOFO**
## This project shows the booking system of GOFO app



1- Class User: used to set or get information of users it have 6 private member variables of type string for user data {name, email, password, phone number, address, type}
		and 1 private integer variable ID that is generated by system and hold the id of the user.

2- class Player: inherits from class User to be able to set all parent class attributes and operation & have a parametrized constructor that set the type of user to "player".

3- class Owner: also inherits from class User to be able to set all parent class attributes and operation like class Player have a parametrized constructor that set the type of user to "owner"
		but have 1 private member variable of type Playground to hold the playground of the Owner.

4- class Playground: represent the playground of the owner with all of it's information {price, location, PgID} & have arraylist of type String to represent the available time slot 
			of owner playground and has some attirbute (functions):
						- addTime has no return, takes a time slot parameter and add this time slot to playGround arraylist "available".
						- showTime has no return and display all available time slots of current playground.
						- deleteslot has no return type, takes an index and remove a time slot from playground arraylist "available" (if player book it). 
						- displayPlg has no return & it display all playground information to the user {price, location, time slot}.

 
5- class App:  class app used to store all user and playgrounds in arraylist users and playgrounds & has some attirbute (functions):
					- addUser has no return & takes a user as a parameter and add him to arraylist users.
					- addPlayground has no return & takes a playground as a parameter and add him to arraylist playgrounds.
					- PlGSize return the size of arraylist playgrounds.


6- class Main: used to display meny and taking data from user & has some attirbute (functions):
					- signUp called for registering new user, this function creates a new player/owner and add it to array list in system object.
					- signIn used for users to login into their account.
					- check that takes user id and password to check user credentials.
					- ownerMenu display a menu for owner when he login.
					- playerMenu playerMenu function used to display player menu when he login
					- menu display main menu.



Tools used in this project:
	- IntelliJ idea
	- Netbeans
	- Github
